When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A remote repository would be used when you want others to be able to work with you and contribute on your project.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You may create files on the remote repo that you arent sure you want to be part of the main project,
 or someone else may have access to the remote repo and make changes that you do not want to see locally.


 Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is used on the github website to copy a repository to your account on the website.  A clone makes a copy of a repository on your local machine.  A branch creates a separate section of the project for you to experiment or add personal things and test them without disrupting activity on the main project.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

So that you can view the remote when you are offline and do a comparison between the files locally and on the remote if necessary.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

To collaborate without Git or GitHub you would need to work together in person or work on files individually and email them to each other or save them using an online document system like Google Docs.  This could be easier with simple projects and only a couple collaborators taking turns updating the files.  This could be harder because files would not be worked on simultaneously since combining changes would be difficult.  It would also take more time to communicate about changes.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Making changes in a separate branch gives you the benefit of experimenting on the project without messing with the working version of the project.  Others can continue to contribute to the working version without waiting on your changes.  On the other hand, a benefit of making changes on the main branch would be saving a lot of time when changes need to be merged.